sc:PetRecognition

v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty
v:kitty it's a kitty

v:dog it's a dog
v:dog it's a dog
v:dog it's a dog
v:dog it's a dog
v:dog it's a dog
v:dog it's a dog
v:dog it's a dog
v:dog it's a dog
v:dog it's a dog
v:dog it's a dog
v:dog it's a dog
v:dog it's a dog

v:dog dog has a tail
v:dog dog has a tail
v:dog dog has a tail
v:dog dog has a tail
v:dog dog has a tail
v:dog dog has a tail
v:dog dog has a tail
v:dog dog has a tail

v:kitty kitty has a tail
v:kitty kitty has a tail
v:kitty kitty has a tail
v:kitty kitty has a tail
v:kitty kitty has a tail
v:kitty kitty has a tail

v:kitty kitty said meow
v:kitty kitty said meow
v:kitty kitty said meow
v:kitty kitty said meow
v:kitty kitty said meow
v:kitty kitty said meow
v:kitty kitty said meow
v:kitty kitty said meow

v:dog dog has a tail
v:dog dog has a tail

what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
what is it
@ do, dog
v:dog what is it
v:kitty what is it
